[DM-4470] Admin permissions added to the Loriot agent output user for existing and new devices (#3143)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/loriot-3-0-18-operation-processing-stops-when-error-occurs.md

---

> date: 2025-03-31

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date: 
```

title: Sequential operation processing flow now continues despite failures
product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component--KIsStyzM
    label: Device Management app
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-ycWx1InI9
    label: loriot-agent
ticket: DM-4470
version: 3.0.18
---

> Previously, when operations were retrieved per tenant, all operations were processed sequentially. If any operation failed, 

Reviewer: @bggov Do we have to mention some context, that is, that we talk about the Loriot agent here?

Author: As this one already contains Loriot artifacts, I was thinking this one is displayed as part of Loriot changelog

Reviewer: Yes true, but this can easily be missed which is why I prefer to provide the context. In the new approach on tech Community, the build artifact is even in a collapsed details section.

Author: Agreed. I change the description to clearly say that this changelog is related to the Loriot device operations. Could you please check whether the description sounds better than before. Thank you!

> the processing would stop, and the error would be returned, blocking the execution of all subsequent operations until the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the processing stopped, and an error was returned, blocking the execution of all subsequent operations until the 
```

failed operation was resolved. This issue has now been resolved. Only the failed operation is marked as failed, and the 

> processing of remaining operations continues uninterrupted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
processing of the remaining operations continues uninterrupted.
```
